draft for infra VM (#19447)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/vulnerability-management/infra-workflow.mdx

## Maintain the vulnerability health of your infrastructure

Once vulnerability data starts flowing into New Relic, you can access your data through various scoped views.

To monitor the health of specific applications or services, navigate to <DNT>**[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Infrastructure > (select an entity) > Security > Summary**</DNT> and use the **entity scoped** view. For a larger scope, refer to our document on [managing vulnerabilities as a security team](/docs/vulnerability-management/security-workflow).

<img
  title="Entity overview"
  alt="Dashboard for the security entity overview page"
  src="/images/security_infra_entity_overview.webp"
/>

<figcaption>
  <DNT>
    **[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Infrastructure > (select an entity) > Security > Summary**
  </DNT>
</figcaption>

The **Security summary** page for an entity gives you a high-level overview of the security of your application or service. Curated dashboards provide you an overall view of the security of your application or service, including:

> * Total vulnerabilities

Reviewer: Per Krystle's comments, please replace the screenshot with highlights for each item on this list, numbered.

---
title: Manage vulnerabilities for your infrastructure
metaDescription: Use Vulnerability Management to maintain a healthy application and remediate vulnerabilities as a developer.
freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

This document covers how to:

* Identify the most urgent vulnerabilities in your infrastuctures
* Understand the severity of vulnerabilities
* Surface tasks from your security team in your daily workflow so it's easy to deliver more secure infrastructure.

If this workflow doesn't sound like you, check out our document on [managing vulnerabilities as a security team](/docs/vulnerability-management/security-workflow).

## Prerequisites [#prereqs]

Vulnerability data sent through [one of our integrations](/docs/vulnerability-management/integrations/overview).

## Maintain the vulnerability health of your infrastructure

Once vulnerability data starts flowing into New Relic, you can access your data through various scoped views.

> To monitor the health of specific applications or services, use our entity scoped view by navigating to <DNT>**[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Infrastructure > (select an entity) > Security > Summary**</DNT>. For a larger scope, see our document on [managing vulnerabilities as a security team](/docs/vulnerability-management/security-workflow).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To monitor the health of specific applications or services, navigate to <DNT>**[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Infrastructure > (select an entity) > Security > Summary**</DNT> and use the **entity scoped** view. For a larger scope, refer to our document on [managing vulnerabilities as a security team](/docs/vulnerability-management/security-workflow).
```

> To monitor the health of specific applications or services, use our entity scoped view by navigating to <DNT>**[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Infrastructure > (select an entity) > Security > Summary**</DNT>. For a larger scope, see our document on [managing vulnerabilities as a security team](/docs/vulnerability-management/security-workflow).

Reviewer 2: What is the capitalization for "entity scoped"

> <img

Reviewer 2: What value does this add to the article?

  title="Entity overview"
  alt="Dashboard for the security entity overview page"
  src="/images/security_screenshot-entity_security-overview.webp"
/>

<figcaption>
  <DNT>
    **[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Infrastructure > (select an entity) > Security > Summary**
  </DNT>
</figcaption>

> The security summary page for an entity gives you a high level overview of the security of your application or service. Curated dashboards provide you an overall security of your application or service, including:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Security summary** page for an entity gives you a high-level overview of the security of your application or service. Curated dashboards provide you an overall view of the security of your application or service, including:
```

* Total vulnerabilities
* Package vulnerabilities
* Misconfigurations
* Vulnerability exposure window

> * Top 5 vulnerabilities in accordance with the priority rankings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Top five vulnerabilities in accordance with the priority rankings
```

* Vulnerability breakdown by type
* Package severity breakdown
* Top package upgrades 

> To monitor the health of your infrastructure, use our entity scoped view by navigating to <DNT>**[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Infrastructure > (select an entity) > Security> Summary**</DNT>. For a larger scope, see our document on [managing vulnerabilities as a security team](/docs/vulnerability-management/security-workflow).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To monitor the health of your infrastructure, use the entity scoped view by navigating to <DNT>**[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Infrastructure > (select an entity) > Security> Summary**</DNT>. For a larger scope, see our document on [managing vulnerabilities as a security team](/docs/vulnerability-management/security-workflow).
```

> To monitor the health of your infrastructure, use our entity scoped view by navigating to <DNT>**[one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Infrastructure > (select an entity) > Security> Summary**</DNT>. For a larger scope, see our document on [managing vulnerabilities as a security team](/docs/vulnerability-management/security-workflow).

Reviewer 2: What is the capitalization in the UI for "entity scoped"

## Triage, prioritize, and remediate vulnerabilities [#prioritize]

To view all vulnerabilities open for your infrastructure,  in the left navigation pane, under **Security** section,  select the <DNT>**Vulnerabilities**</DNT>.:

**Insert image**

> {/* <img

Reviewer 2: What benefit is this image bringing to the article?
